# School_District_Analysis
## Challenge Analysis
For this Challenge, I had to replace the ninth grade scores at Thomas High School with NaN's due to the fact some of the grades might have been inputted incorrectly originally. First, I had to use the loc function in order to filter all of the nonessential columns that were not named grade and school_name. Once I isolated these two columns using the code (student_data_df.loc[(student_data_df.grade=="9th") & (student_data_df.school_name=="Thomas High School"), ["reading_score", "math_score"]]=np.NaN), this code then automatically replaced the ninth grade Thomas High School grades from values to NaN's. These students' grades (and themselves) could have been left out if the NaN's were not put in and just deleted from the code. THis would give an inaccurate count of students at Thomas High School, so putting the NaN's in acted as placemarkers signifying students' presence at the school and wuld be counted so the statistics would not be skewed. 
The district summary was not changed much at all as the average math score was 79.0 and the change in grades from values to NaN's dropped it a tenth to 78.9 which is insignificant. The average reading score for the district summary stayed the same at 81.9. Following along the same trend, the overall passing %'s did not change much either as the original sheet showed 86% passed reading compared to 85% passing reading after the code was added. Both the math % passing and the overall % passing numbers both went down from 75-74% and 65-64%, respectively. On the School Summary side of it, Thomas High School's numbers went down significantly when I got rid of the ninth grade grade values for each student as the per_school_passing_math statistic went down from 93.27% to 66.91% of kids passing math and the per_school_passing_reading statistic went down from 97.31% to 69.66% of kids passing reading. When dealing with the per_overall_passing_percentage statistic, Thomas High School's percentage of students passing in both reading and mth took a sharp decline from 90.95% to 65.08%. The ninth grade was really doing quite well keeping the grades up, but to no avail as they had to be taken down due to the incorrect postings. Relative to other schools, Thomas High School's passing percentages plummeted compared to the other schools passing percentages. When it came to school spending (per student) statistics, Thomas High School was in the $630-644 range and it dragged its own category down from 62.86% overall passing percentage to a measly 56.39% which was lower than two others but higher than one ($645-675 spending range per student). The scores by school size statistic was also affected negatively by Thomas High School as the overall % passing in its category (medium 1000-2000) went from 90.62% to 85.45%. Lastly, the scores by school type statistic was also negatively effected as it went from 90.43% students passing to 87.20% overall. As the data suggests, the replacements of the NaN's affected the school of Thomas very negatively but in the overall outlook, it had a small effect to the overall passing %'s. 
